yet here now Oh Jacob my servant and
yet here now Oh Jacob my servant and Israel whom I have chosen thus says the
Israel whom I have chosen thus says the
Israel whom I have chosen thus says the Lord who made you and formed you from
Lord who made you and formed you from
Lord who made you and formed you from the womb who will help you fear not o
the womb who will help you fear not o
the womb who will help you fear not o Jacob my servant and you discern whom I
Jacob my servant and you discern whom I
Jacob my servant and you discern whom I have chosen for I will pour water on him
have chosen for I will pour water on him
have chosen for I will pour water on him who is thirsty and floods on the dry
who is thirsty and floods on the dry
who is thirsty and floods on the dry ground I will pour my spirit on your
ground I will pour my spirit on your
ground I will pour my spirit on your descendants and my blessing on your
descendants and my blessing on your
descendants and my blessing on your offspring they will spring up among the
offspring they will spring up among the
offspring they will spring up among the grass like willows by the watercourses
grass like willows by the watercourses
grass like willows by the watercourses one will say I am the lord's another
one will say I am the lord's another
one will say I am the lord's another will call himself by the name of Jacob
will call himself by the name of Jacob
will call himself by the name of Jacob another will write with his hand the
another will write with his hand the
another will write with his hand the Lord's and name himself by the name of
Lord's and name himself by the name of
Lord's and name himself by the name of Israel thus says the lord the king of
Israel thus says the lord the king of
Israel thus says the lord the king of israel and his redeemer the lord of
israel and his redeemer the lord of
israel and his redeemer the lord of hosts I am the first and I am the last
hosts I am the first and I am the last
hosts I am the first and I am the last besides me there is no God and who can
besides me there is no God and who can
besides me there is no God and who can proclaim as I do then let him declare it
proclaim as I do then let him declare it
proclaim as I do then let him declare it and set it in order for me since I
and set it in order for me since I
and set it in order for me since I appointed the ancient people and the
appointed the ancient people and the
appointed the ancient people and the things that are coming and shall come
things that are coming and shall come
things that are coming and shall come let them show these to them do not fear
let them show these to them do not fear
let them show these to them do not fear nor be afraid have I not told you from
nor be afraid have I not told you from
nor be afraid have I not told you from that time and declared it you are my
that time and declared it you are my
that time and declared it you are my witnesses
witnesses
witnesses is there a God besides me indeed there
is there a God besides me indeed there
is there a God besides me indeed there is no other rock I know not one those
is no other rock I know not one those
is no other rock I know not one those who make an image all of them are
who make an image all of them are
who make an image all of them are useless and their precious things shall
useless and their precious things shall
useless and their precious things shall not profit they are their own witnesses
not profit they are their own witnesses
not profit they are their own witnesses they neither see nor know that they may
they neither see nor know that they may
they neither see nor know that they may be ashamed who would form a god or mould
be ashamed who would form a god or mould
be ashamed who would form a god or mould an image that profits him nothing surely
an image that profits him nothing surely
an image that profits him nothing surely all his companions would be ashamed and
all his companions would be ashamed and
all his companions would be ashamed and the workman they are mere men let them
the workman they are mere men let them
the workman they are mere men let them all be gathered together let them stand
all be gathered together let them stand
all be gathered together let them stand up yet they shall fear they shall be
up yet they shall fear they shall be
up yet they shall fear they shall be ashamed together the blacksmith with the
ashamed together the blacksmith with the
ashamed together the blacksmith with the tongs works one in the coals fashions it
tongs works one in the coals fashions it
tongs works one in the coals fashions it with hammers and works it with the
with hammers and works it with the
with hammers and works it with the strength of his arms even so he is
strength of his arms even so he is
strength of his arms even so he is hungry and his strength fails he drinks
hungry and his strength fails he drinks
hungry and his strength fails he drinks no water and his faint the craftsman
no water and his faint the craftsman
no water and his faint the craftsman stretches out his rule he marks one out
stretches out his rule he marks one out
stretches out his rule he marks one out with chalk he fashions it with a plain
with chalk he fashions it with a plain
with chalk he fashions it with a plain he marks it out with the compass and
he marks it out with the compass and
he marks it out with the compass and makes it like the figure of a man
makes it like the figure of a man
makes it like the figure of a man according to the beauty of a man that it
according to the beauty of a man that it
according to the beauty of a man that it may remain in the house he cuts down
may remain in the house he cuts down
may remain in the house he cuts down Cedars for himself and takes the Cypress
Cedars for himself and takes the Cypress
Cedars for himself and takes the Cypress and the oak he secures it for himself
and the oak he secures it for himself
and the oak he secures it for himself among the trees of the forest he plants
among the trees of the forest he plants
among the trees of the forest he plants a pine and the rain nourishes it then it
a pine and the rain nourishes it then it
a pine and the rain nourishes it then it shall be for a man to burn for he will
shall be for a man to burn for he will
shall be for a man to burn for he will take some of it and warm himself yes he
take some of it and warm himself yes he
take some of it and warm himself yes he Kindles it and bakes bread indeed he
Kindles it and bakes bread indeed he
Kindles it and bakes bread indeed he makes a god and worships it he makes it
makes a god and worships it he makes it
makes a god and worships it he makes it a carved image and falls down to it he
a carved image and falls down to it he
a carved image and falls down to it he burns half of it in the fire with this
burns half of it in the fire with this
burns half of it in the fire with this half he eats meat he roasts a roast and
half he eats meat he roasts a roast and
half he eats meat he roasts a roast and is satisfied
is satisfied
is satisfied he even warms himself and says ah I am
he even warms himself and says ah I am
he even warms himself and says ah I am warm I have seen the fire and the rest
warm I have seen the fire and the rest
warm I have seen the fire and the rest of it he makes into a god
of it he makes into a god
of it he makes into a god his carved image he falls down before it
his carved image he falls down before it
his carved image he falls down before it and worships it praise to it and says
and worships it praise to it and says
and worships it praise to it and says deliver me for you are my god they do
deliver me for you are my god they do
deliver me for you are my god they do not know nor understand for he has shut
not know nor understand for he has shut
not know nor understand for he has shut their eyes so that they cannot see and
their eyes so that they cannot see and
their eyes so that they cannot see and their hearts so that they cannot
their hearts so that they cannot
their hearts so that they cannot understand and no one considers in his
understand and no one considers in his
understand and no one considers in his heart nor is their knowledge nor
heart nor is their knowledge nor
heart nor is their knowledge nor understanding to say I have burned half
understanding to say I have burned half
understanding to say I have burned half of it in the fire yes I have also baked
of it in the fire yes I have also baked
of it in the fire yes I have also baked bread on its coals
bread on its coals
bread on its coals I have roasted meat and eaten it and
I have roasted meat and eaten it and
I have roasted meat and eaten it and shall I make the rest of it and
shall I make the rest of it and
shall I make the rest of it and abomination shall I fall down before a
abomination shall I fall down before a
abomination shall I fall down before a block of wood he feeds on ashes a
block of wood he feeds on ashes a
block of wood he feeds on ashes a deceived heart has turned him aside and
deceived heart has turned him aside and
deceived heart has turned him aside and he cannot deliver his soul nor say is
he cannot deliver his soul nor say is
he cannot deliver his soul nor say is there not a lie in my right hand
there not a lie in my right hand
there not a lie in my right hand remember these Oh Jacob and Israel for
remember these Oh Jacob and Israel for
remember these Oh Jacob and Israel for you are my servant I have formed you you
you are my servant I have formed you you
you are my servant I have formed you you are my servant Oh Israel you will not be
are my servant Oh Israel you will not be
are my servant Oh Israel you will not be forgotten by me I have blotted out like
forgotten by me I have blotted out like
forgotten by me I have blotted out like a thick cloud your transgressions and
a thick cloud your transgressions and
a thick cloud your transgressions and like a cloud your sins return to me for
like a cloud your sins return to me for
like a cloud your sins return to me for I have redeemed you
saying oh heavens for the Lord has done
saying oh heavens for the Lord has done it shout you lower parts of the earth
it shout you lower parts of the earth
it shout you lower parts of the earth break forth into singing you mountains
break forth into singing you mountains
break forth into singing you mountains Oh forests and every tree in it for the
Oh forests and every tree in it for the
Oh forests and every tree in it for the Lord has redeemed jacob and glorified
Lord has redeemed jacob and glorified
Lord has redeemed jacob and glorified himself in israel thus says the Lord
himself in israel thus says the Lord
himself in israel thus says the Lord your Redeemer and he who formed you from
your Redeemer and he who formed you from
your Redeemer and he who formed you from the womb I am the lord who makes all
the womb I am the lord who makes all
the womb I am the lord who makes all things who stretches out the heavens all
things who stretches out the heavens all
things who stretches out the heavens all alone who spreads abroad the earth by
alone who spreads abroad the earth by
alone who spreads abroad the earth by myself who frustrates the signs of the
myself who frustrates the signs of the
myself who frustrates the signs of the babblers and drives diviners mad who
babblers and drives diviners mad who
babblers and drives diviners mad who turns wise men backward and makes their
turns wise men backward and makes their
turns wise men backward and makes their knowledge foolishness who confirms the
knowledge foolishness who confirms the
knowledge foolishness who confirms the word of his servant and performs the
word of his servant and performs the
word of his servant and performs the counsel of his messengers who says to
counsel of his messengers who says to
counsel of his messengers who says to Jerusalem you shall be inhabited to the
Jerusalem you shall be inhabited to the
Jerusalem you shall be inhabited to the cities of Judah you shall be built and I
cities of Judah you shall be built and I
cities of Judah you shall be built and I will raise up a waste places who says to
will raise up a waste places who says to
will raise up a waste places who says to the deep be dry and I will dry up your
the deep be dry and I will dry up your
the deep be dry and I will dry up your rivers who says of Cyrus he is my
rivers who says of Cyrus he is my
rivers who says of Cyrus he is my shepherd and he shall perform all my
shepherd and he shall perform all my
shepherd and he shall perform all my pleasure saying to Jerusalem you shall
pleasure saying to Jerusalem you shall
pleasure saying to Jerusalem you shall be built and to the temple your
be built and to the temple your
be built and to the temple your foundation shall be laid